Clarify the purpose of having resource group in gateway (#329)
trinodb/trino-gateway: docs/resource-groups-api.md

# Resource groups API

> Resource Groups facilitates the saving and management of the resource group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resource groups facilitate the configuration of the Trino resource group
```

> required for the [Database Resource Group Manager](https://trino.io/docs/current/admin/resource-groups.html#database-resource-group-manager).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using the [database resource group manager](https://trino.io/docs/current/admin/resource-groups.html#database-resource-group-manager), configured in the Trino Gateway database.
```

> Therefore, in Trino, you would configure the database endpoint for the 

Reviewer: Not sure what you want to say here .. I think

```
Configure the resource groups in each Trino backend cluster to use the resource group configuration in the Trino Gateway backend database.
```
